Examples docs (#607)
graknlabs/docs: 08-examples/00-overview.md

---
pageTitle: TypeDB Examples
keywords: typedb, examples, migration, queries, schema
longTailKeywords: typedb examples, typedb migration, typedb query examples, typedb schema example
Summary: TypeDB examples showcasing schema definition, data migration and retrieval queries
---

## Examples

[**Phone calls (Java, JS, Python):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/phone_calls) a database of customers of a fictional telecom company and calls they make.

[**XCOM 2 (Java):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/xcom) a database of interdependent research tasks, featuring automatic inference of available research based on completed tasks and available items.

> [**Catalogue of Life (Java):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/catalogue_of_life) a database containing the information about the taxonomy of life on Earth, showcasing (semi-)automatic loading of data using [TypeDB-Loader.](https://github.com/typedb-osi/typedb-loader)

Reviewer: I would like to know what _semi-_ automatic loading is... but in seriousness, I think we should just replace this with "automatic" or "automated".

Author: "Automated" is miuch better.

> [**Phone calls (Java, JS, Python):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/phone_calls) a database of customers of a fictional telecom company and calls they make.
> 
> [**XCOM 2 (Java):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/xcom) a database of interdependent research tasks, featuring automatic inference of available research based on completed tasks and available items.
> 
> [**Catalogue of Life (Java):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/catalogue_of_life) a database containing the information about the taxonomy of life on Earth, showcasing (semi-)automatic loading of data using [TypeDB-Loader.](https://github.com/typedb-osi/typedb-loader)
> 
> [**Github (kotlin):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/github) Vaticle github data snapshot, presented via a custom GUI interface that uses the Java client to fetch the requested data.

Reviewer: Contextualising all examples and slightly correcting the GitHub one:
```suggestion
[**Telecoms - Phone Calls (Java, JS, Python):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/phone_calls) a database of customers of a fictional telecom company and calls they make.

[**Gaming - XCOM 2 (Java):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/xcom) a database of interdependent research tasks in the game XCOM 2, featuring automatic inference of available research based on completed tasks and available items.

[**Biology - Catalogue of Life (Java):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/catalogue_of_life) a database containing the information about the taxonomy of life on Earth, showcasing (semi-)automatic loading of data using [TypeDB-Loader.](https://github.com/typedb-osi/typedb-loader)

[**Software Dev - GitHub (Kotlin):**](https://github.com/vaticle/typedb-examples/tree/master/github) Load data from a live repository on GitHub or from a Vaticle GitHub snapshot, and get results via a custom GUI interface that uses the Java client to fetch the requested data.
```
